Release setup (#79)
akka/akka-persistence-couchbase: RELEASING.md

# Releasing
		

>  From a direct clone (rather than a fork). You will need permission in sonatype to push to akka repositories.		 

Reviewer: is this true given all you do is create a tag?

Author: The first sentence not sure, but second you need to be able to push that tag to the repo.

Reviewer 2: You can create tags from GitHub UI which will kick start the release.

Permissions to publish to the sonatype group id `com.lightbend.akka` will be required to push the sync button in bintray that syncs artifacts from bintray to sonatype repos.

```suggestion
 From a direct clone (rather than a fork). You will need permission in sonatype to push to `com.lightbend.akka` groupd ID.
```
